Distributions Gallery: Add Rice (#565)
arviz-devs/preliz: docs/examples/gallery/rice.md

---
jupytext:
  text_representation:
    extension: .md
    format_name: myst
kernelspec:
  display_name: Python 3
  language: python
  name: python3
---
# Rice Distribution

<audio controls> <source src="../../_static/rice.mp3" type="audio/mpeg"> This browser cannot play the pronunciation audio file for this distribution. </audio>

> The Rice distribution is the probability distribution of the magnitude of a circularly-symmetric bivariate normal random variable, possibly with non-zero mean (noncentral). The Rice distribution is characterized by two parameters: $v$, which represents the non-centrality parameter, and $\sigma$, the scale parameter. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Rice distribution is the probability distribution of the magnitude of a circularly-symmetric bivariate normal random variable. It's characterized by two parameters: $v$, which represents the non-centrality parameter, and $\sigma$, the scale parameter. 
```
